README.md, before:

<!--

This source file is part of the CoughSync based on the Stanford Spezi Template Application project

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Stanford University

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

-->

# CoughSync

[![Beta Deployment](https://github.com/CS342/2025-CoughSync/actions/workflows/beta-deployment.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CS342/2025-CoughSync/actions/workflows/beta-deployment.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/CS342/2025-CoughSync/graph/badge.svg?token=ScRESP8x1r)](https://codecov.io/gh/CS342/2025-CoughSync)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.14740621.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14740621)


This repository contains the CoughSync application.
CoughSync is using the [Spezi](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/Spezi) ecosystem and builds on top of the [Stanford Spezi Template Application](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/SpeziTemplateApplication).

> [!TIP]
> Do you want to test the CoughSync application on your device? [You can downloard it on TestFlight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/2DKsMx2z).


## CoughSync Features

*Provide a comprehensive description of your application, including figures showing the application. You can learn more on how to structure a README in the [Stanford Spezi Documentation Guide](https://swiftpackageindex.com/stanfordspezi/spezi/documentation/spezi/documentation-guide)*

> [!NOTE]  
> Do you want to learn more about the Stanford Spezi Template Application and how to use, extend, and modify this application? Check out the [Stanford Spezi Template Application documentation](https://stanfordspezi.github.io/SpeziTemplateApplication)


## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Please make sure to read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [contributor covenant code of conduct](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) first.


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [Licenses](LICENSES) for more information.

![Spezi Footer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/main/assets/FooterLight.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![Spezi Footer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/main/assets/FooterDark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)

Commit message:

Update README.md (#56)
# *Name of the PR*

## :recycle: Current situation & Problem
*Link any open issues or pull requests (PRs) related to this PR. Please
ensure that all non-trivial PRs are first tracked and discussed in an
existing GitHub issue or discussion.*


## :gear: Release Notes 
*Add a bullet point list summary of the feature and possible migration
guides if this is a breaking change so this section can be added to the
release notes.*
*Include code snippets that provide examples of the feature implemented
or links to the documentation if it appends or changes the public
interface.*


## :books: Documentation
*Please ensure that you properly document any additions in conformance
to [Spezi Documentation
Guide](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/blob/main/DOCUMENTATIONGUIDE.md).*
*You can use this section to describe your solution, but we encourage
contributors to document your reasoning and changes using in-line
documentation.*


## :white_check_mark: Testing
*Please ensure that the PR meets the testing requirements set by CodeCov
and that new functionality is appropriately tested.*
*This section describes important information about the tests and why
some elements might not be testable.*


## :pencil: Code of Conduct & Contributing Guidelines 

By submitting creating this pull request, you agree to follow our [Code
of
Conduct](https://github.com/CS342/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
and [Contributing
Guidelines](https://github.com/CS342/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md):
- [ ] I agree to follow the [Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/CS342/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
and [Contributing
Guidelines](https://github.com/CS342/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

README.md, after:

<!--

This source file is part of the CoughSync based on the Stanford Spezi Template Application project

SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Stanford University

SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT

-->

# CoughSync

[![Beta Deployment](https://github.com/CS342/2025-CoughSync/actions/workflows/beta-deployment.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/CS342/2025-CoughSync/actions/workflows/beta-deployment.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/CS342/2025-CoughSync/graph/badge.svg?token=ScRESP8x1r)](https://codecov.io/gh/CS342/2025-CoughSync)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.14740621.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.14740621)


This repository contains the CoughSync application.
CoughSync is using the [Spezi](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/Spezi) ecosystem and builds on top of the [Stanford Spezi Template Application](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/SpeziTemplateApplication).

> [!TIP]
> Do you want to test the CoughSync application on your device? [You can downloard it on TestFlight](https://testflight.apple.com/join/2DKsMx2z).


## CoughSync Features

CoughSync is an application designed to track nighttime coughs. It utilizes a self-trained machine learning model to classify coughs from user-recorded audio. Users are encouraged to start audio tracking before bed, keeping their phone bedside while recording.

The app provides real-time cough counting and presents detailed data analysis, including trends in cough frequency (daily, weekly, and monthly), changes over time, and charts showing when coughs occur throughout the night.

To assess the impact of coughing on quality of life, users complete a weekly questionnaire. Additionally, the app can generate a comprehensive report of cough data, which can be used for personal insights or shared with a physician for further evaluation.

By collecting this novel data, CoughSync offers valuable insights to medical practitioners, enhancing the understanding of cough patterns and their role in diagnosis and treatment.

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/63ae28ba-58be-4973-b2ad-e1e1dbe72298)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d12f9cd1-1dfa-4648-85e1-edb929d01dfd)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/eaf4c138-05d2-4663-b4aa-8ee7200d9cfe)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f559b2aa-2239-4434-8bd6-3eb03fa3d323)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2196879f-74d4-471b-b9ed-58e58ec4ffdb)
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/43b341f1-b24e-468e-9ce6-3236981d3723)






> [!NOTE]  
> Do you want to learn more about the Stanford Spezi Template Application and how to use, extend, and modify this application? Check out the [Stanford Spezi Template Application documentation](https://stanfordspezi.github.io/SpeziTemplateApplication)


## Contributing

Contributions to this project are welcome. Please make sure to read the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) and the [contributor covenant code of conduct](https://github.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) first.


## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See [Licenses](LICENSES) for more information.

![Spezi Footer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/main/assets/FooterLight.png#gh-light-mode-only)
![Spezi Footer](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StanfordSpezi/.github/main/assets/FooterDark.png#gh-dark-mode-only)
